## Chapter 1: Introduction to Python

Python is a popular and powerful programming language that is easy to learn and fun to use. It is used in many different areas, including web development, data analysis, scientific computing, and artificial intelligence. In this chapter, we will learn the basics of Python and how to use it to write simple programs.

To start, let's first learn how to print text to the screen using Python. In Python, we use the print() function to output text to the console. Here is an example:

```python
print("Hello, world!")
```

Try running this code in a Python interpreter or a Jupyter notebook. You should see the text "Hello, world!" printed to the screen.

Next, let's learn how to store and manipulate data in Python. In Python, we can store data in variables. To create a variable, we simply give it a name and assign it a value using the = operator. For example, we can create a variable x and assign it the value 10 like this:

```python
x = 10
```

Once we have created a variable, we can use it in our code. For example, we can print the value of x to the screen like this:

```python
print(x)
```

We can also perform operations on variables, such as addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division. For example, we can add the values of two variables x and y and store the result in a new variable z like this:

```python
x = 10
y = 20
z = x + y
print(z)
```

In this code, the value of z will be 30, because 10 + 20 = 30.

That's it for the basics of Python! In the next chapter, we will learn more about data types and control structures in Python.