## Chapter 2: Data Types and Control Structures in Python

In this chapter, we will learn about the different data types in Python and how to use control structures to control the flow of our programs.

In Python, there are several built-in data types that we can use to store different kinds of data. Some of the most common data types in Python are:

int: an integer, a whole number without a decimal point
float: a floating-point number, a number with a decimal point
str: a string, a sequence of characters enclosed in quotation marks
bool: a Boolean value, either True or False
We can determine the type of a variable by using the type() function. For example, we can check the type of the variable x like this:

```python
x = 10
print(type(x))
```

In this code, the output will be <class 'int'>, indicating that x is an integer.

To control the flow of our programs, we can use control structures such as if statements, for loops, and while loops. These structures allow us to execute different code blocks depending on certain conditions, or to repeat a code block multiple times.

For example, we can use an if statement to check if a variable is greater than or equal to 10, and print a different message depending on the result:

```python
x = 5

if x >= 10:
    print("x is greater than or equal to 10")
else:
    print("x is less than 10")
```

In this code, the output will be x is less than 10, because the value of x is less than 10.

We can also use a for loop to iterate over a sequence of values and perform the same operation on each value. For example, we can use a for loop to print the squares of the numbers from 1 to 10:

```python
for i in range(1, 11):
    print(i * i)
```

In this code, the output will be the numbers 1, 4, 9, 16, 25, 36, 49, 64, 81, and 100, because these are the squares of the numbers from 1 to 10.

That's it for this chapter! In the next chapter, we will learn about functions and modules in Python.