## Chapter 3: Functions and Modules in Python

In this chapter, we will learn about functions and modules in Python, and how to use them to organize and reuse our code.

In Python, a function is a block of code that performs a specific task and can be called from anywhere in our program. To define a function, we use the def keyword, followed by the function name and the function arguments enclosed in parentheses. For example, we can define a function add() that takes two arguments x and y and returns their sum like this:

```python
def add(x, y):
    return x + y
```

To call a function, we simply use its name followed by the arguments in parentheses. For example, we can call the add() function like this:

```python
result = add(10, 20)
print(result)
```

In this code, the output will be 30, because 10 + 20 = 30.

In Python, we can also organize our code into modules, which are files containing Python code that can be imported and used in other Python programs. To create a module, we simply write our code in a file with a .py extension. For example, we can create a module my_module.py with the following code:

```python
def add(x, y):
    return x + y
```

To use the functions in a module, we can import the module using the import keyword. For example, we can import the my_module module and call the add() function like this:

```python
import my_module

result = my_module.add(10, 20)
print(result)
```

In this code, the output will be the same as in the previous example: 30.

That's it for this chapter! In the next chapter, we will learn about classes and objects in Python.