## Chapter 6: Python Libraries and Real-World Applications

In this chapter, we will learn about some common Python libraries and how to use them to solve real-world problems.

Python has a rich ecosystem of libraries and frameworks that can be used to solve many different types of problems. Some of the most popular libraries in Python include:

NumPy: a library for working with numerical data and arrays
Pandas: a library for working with data frames and performing data analysis
SciPy: a library for scientific computing and technical computing
Scikit-learn: a library for machine learning and data mining
To use a library in Python, we can import it using the import keyword. For example, we can import the NumPy library and use it to create an array of numbers:

```python
import numpy as np

numbers = np.array([1, 2, 3, 4, 5])
print(numbers)
```

In this code, the import statement imports the NumPy library and assigns it the alias np. We then use the np.array() function to create an array of numbers and print it to the screen. The output should be [1 2 3 4 5], which is the array of numbers we created.

To use the other libraries, we can import them in the same way. For example, we can import the Pandas library and use it to read a CSV file and perform some basic data analysis:

```python
import pandas as pd

data = pd.read_csv("my_data.csv")
mean = data.mean()
print(mean)
```

In this code, we import the Pandas library and assign it the alias pd. We then use the pd.read_csv() function to read a CSV file called my_data.csv and store the data in a data variable. We then calculate the mean of the data using the mean() method and print it to the screen.

That's it for this chapter! In the next chapter, we will learn about some common Python design patterns and best practices.