## Chapter 9: Concurrent Programming in Python

In this chapter, we will learn about Python's support for concurrent programming and how to write concurrent code in Python.

Python has built-in support for concurrent programming, which allows us to write code that can execute multiple tasks simultaneously. This can be useful in situations where we want to perform multiple independent tasks at the same time, or when we want to take advantage of multiple cores or processors to improve the performance of our code.

To write concurrent code in Python, we can use the Thread class from the threading module. This class allows us to create and run threads, which are independent concurrent tasks that can run in parallel. For example, we can create and run two threads that print different messages to the screen:

```python
from threading import Thread

def print_hello():
    print("Hello from thread 1")

def print_world():
    print("Hello from thread 2")

thread1 = Thread(target=print_hello)
thread2 = Thread(target=print_world)

thread1.start()
thread2.start()
```

In this code, we import the Thread class from the threading module and define two functions, print_hello() and print_world(), that print different messages to the screen. We then create two Thread objects, passing the corresponding functions as the target parameter. Finally, we call the start() method of each thread to run the threads concurrently.

Note that when we run this code, the order in which the messages are printed to the screen may vary, because the threads are running concurrently and the messages are printed in parallel.

That's it for this chapter! In the next chapter, we will learn about Python's support for object-oriented programming and how to use it to write modular and reusable code.