## Chapter 13: Machine Learning in Python

In this chapter, we will learn about Python's support for machine learning and how to use it to build and train machine learning models in Python.

Python is a popular language for machine learning, with a rich ecosystem of libraries and frameworks that support a wide range of machine learning tasks. Some of the most popular libraries for machine learning in Python include TensorFlow, Keras, and scikit-learn, which provide powerful tools for building and training machine learning models.

To illustrate the basics of machine learning in Python, let's consider a simple example where we want to build and train a simple neural network to classify images of digits. We can do this using the TensorFlow and Keras libraries like this:

```python
import tensorflow as tf
from tensorflow.keras import layers

# Define the model
model = tf.keras.Sequential()
model.add(layers.Conv2D(32, (3, 3), activation="relu", input_shape=(28, 28, 1)))
model.add(layers.MaxPooling2D((2, 2)))
model.add(layers.Conv2D(64, (3, 3), activation="relu"))
model.add(layers.MaxPooling2D((2, 2)))
model.add(layers.Conv2D(64, (3, 3), activation="relu"))
model.add(layers.Flatten())
model.add(layers.Dense(64, activation="relu"))
model.add(layers.Dense(10, activation="softmax"))

Compile the model
model.compile(optimizer="adam", loss="sparse_categorical_crossentropy", metrics=["accuracy"])

Load the dataset
(X_train, y_train), (X_test, y_test) = tf.keras.datasets.mnist.load_data()
X_train = X_train.reshape((60000, 28, 28, 1))
X_train = X_train.astype("float32") / 255

Train the model
model.fit(X_train, y_train, epochs=5)

Evaluate the model
_, acc = model.evaluate(X_test, y_test, return_dict=True)
print("Test accuracy:", acc)
```

In this code, we import the TensorFlow and Keras libraries and give them short aliases (`tf` and `layers`, respectively). We then define a simple convolutional neural network using the `Sequential` class from Keras. The network has four convolutional layers with max pooling, a flatten layer, and two dense layers, with the last layer using a `softmax` activation function to produce output probabilities for each of the 10 classes (digits 0-9).

Next, we compile the model using the `compile()` method, specifying the `adam` optimizer, `sparse_categorical_crossentropy` loss function, and `accuracy` metric.

Then, we load the MNIST dataset using the built-in load_data() function from Keras, and preprocess the training data by reshaping it to the correct shape and scaling the pixel values to the range [0, 1].

Finally, we train the model using the fit() method, specifying the training data and the number of epochs (iterations over the entire dataset). We then evaluate the model on the test data using the evaluate() method and print the test accuracy to the screen.

That's it for this chapter! In the next chapter, we will learn about Python's support for web development and how to use it to build web applications in Python.